after such a long and thorough
development period and an enormous
amount of hard work here we are at the
goodwood festival of speed it's the
public unveiling of the car in action
it's the first active drive of the car
in front of the public and it's gone
down extremely well it's been in the
center of attention and it's made a lot
of people in the parent very proud here
today it looks absolutely stunning
there's no just amazing piece of
engineering it's definitely got a clear
image to the f1 when it's actually
moving dynamically it's so well poised
balance flat through the corners it's
great really good to see finally
really nice day yeah hey good luck oh
this one's mine opening
well we've been very lucky to have both
Jensen and Lewis drive the car after he
lacks be demonstrating the car is it
about
well McLaren has a great history and
that's what we're all about we're
demonstrating some of our very
successful formula 1 cars and what we
hope also will be a very successful rope
film we've been working on this project
for four or five years and you never
know quite how it's going to be received
and the reception is just spectacular
people really appreciate the DNA of what
this car is all about and that's
extremely heartwarming to all the people
have worked so hard on a project for so
long